# Impact of Technology
-- Art 310 Project -- \n
Advances in technology have fundamentally changed our lives. Technology has been interwoven into our habits. Machine Learning algorithms enable Google to search billions of websites. Our cellphones have more processing power than the technology that was used to first send man to the moon. We have access to more knowledge on the Internet than what was available at the Library of Alexandria. Robots used to be mere science fiction, now robots are sold as toys and can be programmed with our phones. Instead of traveling far distances to see art and painting, anyone with Internet access can view priceless art. With blogs, anyone can make their voice heard. We can print 3D representations of computer graphics. I want to represent our new world of technology in a series of photos. I want to go around campus taking pictures of types of technologies on campus. I hope my collection helps people understand the impact that technology has had on their lives.  
I plan to display this collection of art by leveraging technology. I want to build a site that displays my photos. I will develop the site myself. First, I will use the command line to construct a new Ruby on Rails application. Then setup the project on github. I will create the home page by setting up a pages controller. Then construct the HTML to go along. I will setup the root paths in my routes file. I will use Bootstrap through the rails pipeline to add advance CSS to my site. Then I will push my changes to github. I will setup my project on Heroku servers. Then push my github project to the Heroku servers. I will ensure that my routes are raked. Then I will use ImageMagick and the rails pipeline to upload images that are stored on Amazon S3 servers. Finally, I will tweak the front-end to make it look nicer.
